[blog] Update the 2026 price changes blogpost (#47944)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/2026-MUI-X-price-changes.md

## Grandfathering current customers

We value our loyal customers and want to ensure a smooth transition.

Customers with **active MUI X v8 licenses** can continue using v8 and renew those licenses at the **previous pricing**.

If you want to upgrade to **MUI X v9**, you will need to request a **new v9 license key**, since **v8 license keys will not work with v9**. The new key will keep the **same expiration date** as your current license, so upgrading does not reset or extend your license period.

When your license reaches its renewal date, you will have two options:

- **Renew your v9 license** at the **new price**, with a **discount applied to the first renewal**
- **Renew your v8 license** at the **previous price**, continuing to use v8

This means existing customers can **move to v9 whenever they’re ready**, while still keeping the option to stay on v8 under the previous pricing.

### Perpetual licenses

> Customers with **perpetual licenses** can also request a **v9 license key**. This key will grant access to all **v9 versions released before the expiration date listed in the license key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with **perpetual licenses** can also request a **v9 license key**. This key will grant access to all **v9 versions released before your support expiration date listed on your license key**. It does not extend your maintenance and support access beyond the original date of your order.
```
